URL Shortener
=============

Basic application which takes an input URL and creates a shortened URL from it.  The shortened URL is created serverside and stores both the short URL path and the origional URL in a single db table.  The URL paths are generated by a simple method using Ruby's built in ```SecureRandom``` class.  The backend serves an API which facilitates creation of new shortened URL path and their retrieval and redirection.  The front end is a basic ReactJS form which handles some URL validation and parsing, submits the new desired URL to the backend for shortening and supplies the user with the shortened URL.  As this is a simple application intended to faciliate discussion it is basic and incomplete, in an application intended for real world use numerous improvements would need to be made.

* More comprehensive testing of both the back and front ends.
* Better styling on the front end.
* Better URL parsing and validation on the front end.
* Addition of URL parsing and validation on the backend, this is currently missing.
* Pottential addition of authentication, allowing a user to limit access to shrtened URLs and view previously submitted URLs
* Reworking of the URL shortening process to use something more sophesticated than ```SecureRandom#hex```.  The URL generation is encapsulated in the ```Url``` class to facilitate future modifications without changing the existing interface.
* Dockerization of the entire application to facilitate development and deployment.